hey guys tom with buy me an iphone
combat you here at mathworld 2011 here
in San Francisco we are here at the
brand new rokform kombu guys this
product really just wants today I mean
like two hours ago so this is exclusive
stuff we've got some really neat
aluminium cases that unlike other
aluminum cases guys they don't interfere
with the signal quality and the antenna
so you're not going to have to worry
about that problem we'll go into more
detail on why when we get the review
units but here we have jumping what's
this one called again that is he rock
that this is T rock bit I can't keep
this straight so Jionni's got it for us
and it's a really cool design
now it comes in a bunch of different
colors on the bottom and then it has hex
screws no pentalobe so you guys want to
worry about the frontal lobe screws I
know everybody's really worried about
the load screws and that is retailing
for 80 bucks then we have the rock bed
hybrid right now so this has kind of a
polycarbonate bottom with the aluminum
up top and that's also 80 bucks this
will come in a bunch of different colors
so this is kind of a prototype model
here and then we have this these really
neat aluminum stands so here we have the
rock the erotic stand holding and this
is really neat guys it's got this little
button here you press the button in it
it has lots of different viewing angles
in so it's going to be great for
facetime videos all sorts of neat stuff
and then we have the big dog hero the
folding stand retails for over the 119
that you know 119 and then we have the
the rock
The Rock The Rock stand can't keep them
all straight guys and this is like very
Tron looking very cool and it's got this
little flip handle there you're able to
get all sorts of different viewing
angles and that one retails for 169 so
guys literally this company just started
showing off their wares today here at
mackerel and really cool machined out of
aluminum and I tried out one of the
cases has no effect on the signal
quality of your form whatsoever so go
check out their website guys it is
I don't want everybody getting here for
number otherwise the we hold its rock
form and it's rock form com so go check
them out and we'll bring you more from
the show floor here at macworld in San
Francisco talk to you guys soon
mixer